Document CancelAfter (#806)
nunit/docs: docs/articles/nunit/Towards-NUnit4.md

}
```

## Cooperative Cancellation

> For later versions of .NET it is not possible to abort a hanging thread and even though allowed on .NET Framework
> it prevents `finally` clauses and other cleanup routines from running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For later versions of .NET it is not possible to abort a hanging thread -- and even though it's technically allowed in the classic .NET Framework, it prevents `finally` clauses and other cleanup routines from running.
```

Combining lines, minor grammar

> Cancellation is suppoed to be done in a cooperative way.

Author: So much for the spelling check missing: `suppoed`.

Author: Fixed.

> For this Version 4 introduces a [CancelAfter Attribute](./writing-tests/attributes/cancelafter.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this in NUnit v4, we introduce a [CancelAfter Attribute](./writing-tests/attributes/cancelafter.md)
```
Minor wording.
